Since : 1月27日 2024

2月5日:

Q: WHY it is possible to run Java files without any package ?
A: No package ????

Q: Why Multiple PACKAGE statements are not allowed.
A: Because, Logically you can not put same thing in different packages! 

Q. WHY Java Variable names are Case-Sensitive ?
A: Because it uses a C-style syntax and most of languages are Case-Sensitive.

Q. How java files are named ?
A: File name should be as member public class otherwise by any member class name.
   BUT remember, java files can be named any valid file name other then class name.
   Cuz Javac takes scr java file name But creates .class files as containing class names.


Q. WHAT import does?
A: It can import 1 or all the member class/interface of package.
   But it can not import sub-packages.
   NOTE: Syntax: import packageName.className;

Q. WHY import is after package declaration?
A: Because now import knows destination package and so can import the source.

Q. WHAT syntax import statements use ?
A: (i) Uses package.*; ---> to import all member class/interface.
   (ii) Uses package.class/interfaceName single item only.

Q: WHAT is the Order of Access Levels of Java modifiers?
A: private (ONLY inside Class) 
   < No modifier (in same PACKAGE) 
   < protected (+ Childs) 
   < public (ANY)***

Q: Why Top/Outer class can not be private ?
A: Because Outer class is not a member of any class.

Q: Why Outer class can not be protected ?
A: Because Outer class is not ///// a member of any class. ????(clkup)

Q: Why final keyword is used for?
A: The final keyword is a non-access modifier,
   Final variables value cannot be changed once initialized.
   Final methods cannot be overridden by a subclass.
   Final classes cannot be inherited/extended by a subclass. 

Q: Why abstract keyword is used for?
A:The abstract keyword is a non-access modifier,
  used to create a abstract class and method.
  Abstract Class cannot be INSTANTIATED.
  Abstract Method can only be used in an abstract class and has NO BODY. 

Q: What is correct Valid METHOD-DECLARATION format ?
A: Modifiers(Access/Non-Access) ReturnType methodName(Parameter-list,, )

Q: is Method Name must be CAPITALIZED ?
A: Not Need But its just name convention.

Q. Why main method can not change any Upper/Lower Case ?
A: Because JVM is case sensitive to main entry point?

Q: Can we declare the main() method as FINAL in Java ?
A: Yes

Q: Why 3 Dots(...) used next to a Parameter-Type used in Java?
A: It means 0 or More Arguments of that type.

Q: What is METHOD OVERLOADING in Java?
A: 2 or more Methods may have SAME NAME if they differ in parameters 
(different number of parameters, different types of parameters, Order of the parameters).
But Method overloading cannot be done by changing the return type of methods.

Q: What Types of Modifiers java has?
A: 
(i). Access Modifiers: controls the access level.
(ii). Non-Access Modifiers: RESTRICT the characteristics of class or / Attributes,Methods
   Example: final, abstract, static,transient,synchronized,volatile

Q: What is BYTE data type ?
A: It is an 8-bit signed two's complement integer. 

Q: How can you force JVM to run Garbage Collector?
A: System.gc() , Runtime.getRuntime().gc();

Q: Why "this"-keyword used for ?
A: The "this"-keyword refers to the current object in a method or constructor.
    So, ELIMINATEs the confusion between class attributes and parameters with the same name.

Q: What is DEPENDENCY-INJECTION in java?
A: Being able to PASS (INJECT) dependencies instead of initializing the dependencies inside recipient class.
?????? Need More Clear Reason

Q: When toString() method called implicitly?
A: When you pass Object reference in System.out.println(ObjX).

